* 2 Week Sprint x 3
* DOD- this feature is tested by one peer developer and is excuted without error and also approved UX designer. the feature should also have user documentation.
* AC = Acceptance Criteria

*Epic 10 - create a cinema booking system - 
U1 - As a user I would like to a create user account page so that I can log in and view/edit my bookings.
Given the user is on the create user account page
when they enter their details
and click register 
then they will be sent a confirmation email.

U2 - As a User I would like a log in page so that I can book view, edit and book tickets.
Given the user is on the log in page
When they enter their username
And their password
And click log in
Then they will be sent to the home page logged in


U3 - As a User I would like to view list of flims so that I can select the film I need to view.
Given the user is on view film page
when they select the film
and click more information
then they will be sent to the more information page and to select date/time


U4 - As a user I would like to select date/time so that I can choose when to go to the cinema.
Given the user is on date/time page
when they select date
and select the time
and click continue
then they will be sent to view amount of page


U5 - As a User I would like to view amount so that I can see which type of ticket to select.
Given the User is on the view amount page
when they select view amount
and click continue
then they will be sent to select type of ticket page

U6 - As a user I would like to select type of tickets so that I can choose my prefferred screen.
Given the User is on the select type tickets
when they select the type of ticket they want
and the amount of tickets they want
and click continue
then they will be sent to select seat page

U7 - As a user I would like to select seats so that I can choose where to view from.
Given the user is on the select seats page
when they select seats
and click continue
then they will be sent to edit booking page

U8 - As a user I would like to Edit booking so that I can make changes to my booking.
Given User is on the edit booking page
when they edit the booking
and confirm changes
and continue
then they will be sent to make payment

U9 - As a user I would like to make payment so that I can confirm my booking.
Given user is on the make payment page
when they enter card details 
and click confirm payment
and click continue
then they will be sent to the booking confirmation page

U10 - As a user I would like booking confirmation sent to email so that I Print the tickets.
Given User is on the booking confirmation page
when they click sent confirmation
and enter email address
and click confirm
then they will be sent a confirmation booking email

*Epic 2 - embedd the content on the website
U11 - As an Admin I would like trailers links from third party so that I can embedd them in our website.
Given Admin is sent out two trailer links
when they can upload it on website
and view the trailer
then they will need more space for other trailers

U12 - As an Admin I would like space on the homepage to feature the trailers. 
Given Admin can view at least 3 trailers
when they still got more space for 27 trailers
and they can upload 30 trailers at once
then they will be able to update the system.


*Epic 3 - create an admin suite
U13 - As an admin I would like an admin suite so that I can control the system developed.
AC- once the admin suite is create and admin can control the system developed without any error.

U14 - As an Admin I would like to manually update any features on the website so that I have full control on the updates.
AC- once Admin can make at least 2 manual updates to any feature on the website.

*Epic 4 - create a staff portal
U15 - As a staff member I would like a log in page to staff portal so that I can access booking information.
Given the staff is on log in page
when they enter thier unique ID
and their password
and click log in
then they will be sent to the homepage

U16 - As a Staff Member I would like the ability to view booking booking so that I can manage bookings.
Given the staff member is homepage
when they click view booking
and can see all bookings made
and manage bookings
then they will able to save bookings

U17 - As a staff member I would like the ability to create booking information so that I can allow users to book tickets.
Given staff member is on create booking information page
when they click create booking
and enter details
and save
then it will show up on the website.

* 1 Sprint = 2 weeks
* Total Sprint 3
* Epic 1 and Epic 2 will take take 1 Sprint.
* Epic 3 will take 1 sprint.
* Epic 4 will take 1 sprint
